Add Hugging Face deployment information (#1019)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/blog/posts/2024-03-04-hugging-face/index.qmd

---
title: Quarto on Hugging Face
description: |
  You can now host Quarto sites on Hugging Face using the new Quarto Space template.
author: Gordon Shotwell
date: "03/04/2024"
image: "images/thumbnail.svg"
image-alt: "Hugging Face Logo"
---

We're happy to announce that you can now host Quarto Websites on [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/) using the new [Quarto Template](https://huggingface.co/new-space?template=posit%2Fquarto-template). 
This template allows you to deploy Quarto sites to Hugging Face with a click of a button, making it easy to integrate them with other Hugging Face models and datasets.

![](images/hf-space-screen.png)

## About Hugging Face

> Hugging Face is the most used open platform for AI, where the machine learning community has shared more than 350,000 models, 75,000 datasets, and 30,000 ML apps, including Stable Diffusion, Bloom, GPT-J, and open-source ChatGPT alternatives. 
> These apps enable the community to explore models, replicate results, and lower the barrier of entry for ML. 
> At Posit, we’ve been extremely impressed with the Hugging Face community and their commitment to supporting open-source machine learning models.

Reviewer: This scaled up a bit :smile: 

```suggestion
Hugging Face is the most used open platform for AI, where the machine learning community has shared more than 500,000 models, 115,000 datasets, and 160,000 ML apps, including Stable Diffusion, Llama, GPT-J, and open-source ChatGPT alternatives. 

These apps enable the community to explore models, replicate results, and lower the barrier of entry for ML. 
At Posit, we’ve been extremely impressed with the Hugging Face community and their commitment to supporting open-source machine learning models.
```
